[footsteps crunching]
- [glass cracks]
- Eh?
You've got to be kidding.
What kind of battle do you have
to wage to end up like this?
[tiles clattering]
[gasps]
Is that....
Everyone! I found them!
They're over here!
KAGAYA: You're positive?
They defeated them,
two Upper Rank demons?
[coughs]
- Master Kagaya.
- [caws]
- One hundred years.
It took 100 years
for something to finally change,
and it actually happened.
Don't you see?
This must be an omen.
[gasps]
Fate is about to take
a dramatic turn for us.
The effects will be widespread.
Everything will be
shaken to its core.
And eventually
he will feel it as well.
Muzan Kibutsuji...
we will defeat you.
Our generation will put
an end to you without fail,
and then you,
the sole blemish of my family,
will be gone. [ragged breath]
[ominous music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
- The alternate dimension...
The Infinity Castle.
The fact I was summoned here
can only mean one thing.
They managed to kill
an Upper Rank.
[gasps]
[growls]
[dramatic music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
[music continues]
[note twangs]
[singer vocalizing]
[music fades]
- [grunts]
- Hmm?
- [echoing] Well, well, well,
if it isn't Lord Akaza!
[splashing]
How lovely it is to see you
in such good health!
What has it been, 90 years
since I last saw your face?
When I was summoned here,
I thought for a second
you might have perished,
and my heart began to sing--
[clears throat]
My poor, worried heart
was filled with anguish
at the thought of it.
[chuckles]
- [sighs]
- How terrifying. Terrifying!
It appears that in the time
we've been apart,
you've even forgotten so much
as how to count, Gyokko.
It's been 113 years
since we were
last summoned.
That's an indivisible number,
an uneven number.
And it's odd!
Terrifying. Terrifying.
- Biwa woman!
Has Lord Muzan
arrived yet or not?
[note twangs]
- I can say with certainty
he has not.
- Then what about Upper One?
Is he here?
Don't tell me it was him
who somehow got killed.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're beginning to hurt
my feelings here, Lord Akaza.
Weren't you even
a little concerned about me?
Here I was worried sick
something might
have happened to you.
After all, you're
a cherished comrade of mine.
And I'd be heartbroken
if I lost any of my comrades.
[Gyokko laughs]
Greetings, Lord Doma!
- Hi, Gyokko! Long time, no see.
Is that a brand-new pot?
It's beautiful.
Remember the one you gave me?
I'm using it
to display a woman's head.
Fits perfectly!
- I never intended for it
to be used like that.
Though I must say I'm intrigued.
- [swoons]
- You'd love it!
you should come
to my place sometime.
- Get it off.
- Hmm?
- Get your hand off of me!
- [wails]
- Whoa.
Wow. That was quite a punch.
Unless I'm mistaken,
you've gotten slightly stronger.
- You asked
about Upper One earlier?
He's the first one I summoned.
In fact,
he's been here all along.
- [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[singers vocalizing]
- I've been here
the entire time.
[energy surges]
It seems Lord Muzan has arrived.
[vocalizing ends]
[drip echoes]
[ominous music playing]
- [gasps]
[drip echoes]
- [wails]
[singer vocalizing]
- Gyutaro is no longer with us.
Meaning the Upper Ranks
are now incomplete.
- Oh, is that true, My Lord?
Know you have
my sincerest apologies...
since I was the one
who brought Gyutaro in.
How can I atone
for this embarrassment?
Let's see.
I can gouge an eye out.
Or maybe--
- Keep your wretched eyeballs.
I have no need for them.
[vocalizing ends]
I knew that Gyutaro
would be defeated.
As expected,
Daki proved to be his weakness.
[music rises]
Had he just fought alone
from the start,
he most assuredly
would have won.
If the battle hadn't gone on
after he'd poisoned them...
Oh, well.
None of it matters anymore.
[music rises]
How worthless.
Can't you see you're falling
in order of who has the most
of their humanity remaining?
- [whimpers]
MUZAN: But I guess
that's fine.
It's nothing new.
I've come to learn that I
should expect nothing from you.
[creaking]
- You're saying
such tragic things again,
but think about it.
Really, has there
ever been a time
I didn't meet
your expectations, My Lord?
- For starters,
you have yet to annihilate
the Ubuyashiki family.
And what ever became
of the Blue Spider Lily?
- [winces]
[fizzes]
- Centuries have passed, and you
have nothing to show for it!
[singers vocalizing]
Answer me this.
Why do you exist
if your sole purpose
has become to disappoint me?
- [wails] Please forgive us!
I beg of you! I beg of you!
- [grunts]
- I have nothing to say
in response.
However, Ubuyashiki is
a master at evading us.
- I'm afraid detective work
isn't my strong point, either.
I'm at my wits' end here.
- Pardon me, Lord Muzan,
but I have something for you.
You see, I've acquired
some juicy information
that I think will interest you,
information
that can change everything!
Just a mere moment ago--
- Have I ever told you lot
how much I detest change?
Changes in circumstance,
the changes of flesh,
changes in one's emotions.
Most changes cause
only weakness and inferiority,
and I am not weak.
What I'm interested in
is permanence,
to forever remain
in perfect condition,
immune to the disease of change.
- Ohh! To have none other
than Lord Muzan's hand
touching my head!
How splendid. How sublime.
[music rises]
- For the first time
in over a century,
an Upper Rank has been killed.
My frustration has reached
its boiling point.
Don't ever give me
unconfirmed information,
and wipe that smirk
off of your face
[note twangs]
I'd advise you all to act with
more urgency from here on out.
I suppose you're not entirely
at fault for your inadequacy.
I've been too lenient with you
because you're Upper Ranks.
Gyokko, once you've confirmed
that information to be true,
you are to head over there
with Hantengu at once.
- [laughs]
Yes, understood, My Lord!
- Ohh! That's hardly fair!
I'm the one
who got the information
in the first place.
How annoying is that?
But that's
what makes it intriguing.
[sighs]
Huh?
- Lord Gyokko!
What kind of information
do you have?
I'd like to tag along.
- But that wouldn't be...
You can tell little old me.
I won't tell anyon--
- Uh...
- I don't remember
hearing Lord Muzan
give you orders back there.
Get lost.
[whimpers]
- Akaza.
You always go too far.
- It's all right,
Lord Kokushibo.
I don't mind in the slightest.
- It's not for your benefit
that I chose to speak.
He disrupts the hierarchy,
which in turn gives heed to
insubordination among the ranks.
It's unacceptable.
- Oh, I see!
- Akaza, if you're
unsatisfied with the ranks,
then why not back up your words
and challenge him to a battle?
- Come on.
Cut him some slack.
He's just messing around.
You know as well as I do.
If he were to challenge us,
he'd only embarrass himself.
Look, he's just angsty,
that's all.
Probably because I
became a demon after him
and still
got promoted before him.
I'd be upset too
if I were in his shoes.
Don't be so hard on him.
[Akaza shudders]
- And I mean, besides, I didn't
dodge his attack on purpose.
It's harmless horseplay.
This is just our little way
of nurturing our friendship.
Those of us on top
shouldn't be giving
our subordinates a hard time.
Don't you think--
- Akaza!
- [shudders]
[music rises]
- From here on out,
you are to show some respect.
Do you understand?
Oh, I understand.
I understand
I'm going to kill you
if it's the last thing I do.
- Is that so?
Then I wish you the best.
[Akaza winces]
DOMA: See you around,
Lord Kokushibo!
Bye-bye!
- [whimpers]
DOMA: I don't know how,
but I feel like I got shut out
of that entire conversation.
Aw, but that's okay.
I'm used to it.
Huh?
- [whimpers]
- Wait, Lord Akaza!
[whooshing fades]
- [grunting]
- Hey, I wasn't done talking.
Huh?
- Please send
Hantengu and myself
to the same location
as fast as possible!
- [whimpers]
[notes twang]
- Biwa lady, send me too!
Uh...
[castle creaking]
Hello?
I know you can hear me!
You're free to join me
down here if you want!
- I respectfully decline.
[note twangs]
[melancholy music playing]
- Aww.
You guys are always
so cold to me.
- Lord Founder, your disciples
have just arrived.
- Oh, is that right?
Well, let's not
keep them waiting.
All right.
I just need to put this on,
and I'll be ready.
That's much better.
You can send them in now.
[footsteps shuffling]
- I've brought you some tea.
- Right. Thank you.
- [sighs] Aww.
He's sound asleep.
Thanks for watching him.
My wife's fast asleep
in the other room.
I really must apologize.
I feel bad
making our guest babysit.
- No, it's fine.
She must be exhausted.
Giving birth and raising
a child is no easy task.
I will be leaving after this.
I don't want
to overstay my welcome,
that's all.
- Please, sir,
you saved our lives that day.
If it hadn't been for you,
I wouldn't be here,
nor would this child
have been born.
[sighs]
- [sips]
- [sighs] Very well.
Then the least I can do
is pass down your name
for posterity.
- There's no need.
- But, sir, didn't you
say you were at a loss
because you had no heirs?
Look, I know I'm
just a charcoal merchant,
but it's better than nothing.
- Thank you, Sumiyoshi,
but there's no need.
Those who have mastered their
skill share the same fate.
They always have.
They wind up in the same place,
no matter what era
they find themselves in.
And if lost,
they'll find their way back.
Sumiyoshi,
you seem to think of me
as some kind
of extraordinary person,
but I'm really not.
I failed to protect everything
that was important to me,
and throughout my life,
I was unable to accomplish
any of my goals.
My name
is as worthless as I am.
- [sighs]
Please, sir...
don't say something like that.
Please, I'm begging you,
don't talk about yourself
that way.
- It's so sad, so sad.
[ticking]
It was a dream?
[birds chirping]
Am I...
alive?
- [gasps]
Are you okay?
You've been out for two months,
ever since your last battle.
- Really? Two months?
I see.
- Thank goodness.
We were so worried!
[singers vocalizing]
[footsteps thumping]
[mellow music playing]
- My name is Goto,
and I'm a Kakushi.
Basically, I'm a member
of the Demon Slayer Corps
clean-up squad.
Back when Tanjiro Kamado
first met the Hashira,
someone said to him,
"Are you gonna sleep all day?
Wake the hell up, will you?!"
That was me.
Fate has a way
of bringing us together.
[singers vocalizing]
I found him and his friends
two months ago
in the Entertainment District.
Since they were found
like this...
I figured
they had to be close.
Each one of them
suffered critical wounds
and was unresponsive.
They might be younger than me,
but they had the courage
to become swordsmen,
and so for that,
they have my respect.
Cept for this guy.
What's his deal?
- Hmph!
- Anyway, fast-forward to now,
and I'm delivering
some mouthwatering castella.
I gotta be honest.
It's taking everything in me
not to gobble it
all up myself.
I would if it weren't a gift
for our unconscious friend.
They say his sense of smell
is so good
that it just might...
- [sniffs]
[gasps]
- She better be
over there contemplating
how she's gonna clean up
this mess that she made.
Aw, who am I kidding?
She's probably
off in la-la land.
Can you tell
she grew up slaying demons
instead of doing chores?
[sighs] It's not
like I can scold her.
She's ranked higher than me.
So here I am at 23
picking up her mess.
Pardon me, but I have
some castella here for him.
You'll need to clear it away
after a while.
But if it seems
like it's going to go bad,
feel free to eat it.
- [sighs]
Oh, thank you... very much.
- Hey! When did he
wake up from his coma?!
And why didn't
you tell anyone?!
You really are scatterbrained!
You know that?!
You should have
called for someone!
Or say he's woken up!
You idiot!
Seniority doesn't
mean a thing right now,
not in this case.
I'll handle this myself.
[deep breath]
Kiyo! Sumi! Naho! Aoi!
Tanjiro just woke up
from his coma!
- [crying]
- Thank goodness you're okay!
- Here! You can
have my crackers!
- Why is there castella
on the bed?
GOTO: Oh, man.
- [grunting]
- [shrieks]
Oh, my gosh! It's a ghost!
- [inhales]
- [gasps]
- Oh, good!
It was just Miss Aoi
tangled up in all the laundry.
- I was worried you were
never going to wake up.
- And I felt bad,
'cause you went in my place!
I'm sorry! [crying]
- It's fine, really.
What about the others?
Are they all okay?
- Was it the yellow-hair kid
who left the other day?
- Yup!
- Yeah, he's fine.
He's already
back out on a mission.
Against his will, of course.
- He's tough! He was up and
out of bed the very next day.
[wind blowing]
GOTO: That's nothing
compared to the Sound Hashira.
He and his wives
just walked off.
- Man, this really sucks.
- The Kakushi were dumbfounded
by his strength.
- Seriously...
- It was inhuman.
- In a way, it was scary.
- Come on now, you three.
- How is he walking around?
His injuries
should have him hospitalized.
- It's scary to think
people like that exist.
- I see.
[patting]
- And Inosuke?
Mr. Inosuke, he was
on the brink of death.
- [crying] It's true!
Mr. Inosuke fought for his life.
But there was
too much poison in his body
for his breathing
to deal with it all.
- Okay.
So then I guess
I'm hallucinating right now,
because I see him
on the ceiling.
- [shrieking]
GOTO: How are you doing that?!
- [laughs]
How'd you notice me,
Tanpanchiro?!
- [quirky music playing]
- Well, uh...
it helps I'm lying down.
[girls squeal]
- It is I,
the man who bested death
and still woke up before you!
- You sure did.
Man, Inosuke...
you're amazing.
- [laughs]
You got that right!
I'm not a weakling like you!
Screw you for making us worry!
- He's not weak!
You're just different,
Mr. Inosuke!
Lady Shinobu said so!
- Look, Mr. Tanjiro!
- It's related to Mr. Inosuke!
- Huh?
- It's a weasel
called a honey badger
from another country!
Their hide is so thick,
it's like armor!
Even lions can't bite
their way through it.
- It's so cute.
- They're also poison-proof,
which allows them
to eat venomous snakes!
- Wow.
- Lady Shinobu said
Mr. Inosuke's
like the honey badger!
- [chuckles]
GOTO: The honey badger
might be smarter.
INOSUKE: Hmm?
- Or maybe she just got tired
of thinking about him.
Ehh! Will you get off of him?!
- In other words,
I'm so strong, I'm immortal!
[laughs]
GOTO: Yeah, right.
More like an idiot.
- Who you callin' an idiot,
you idiot?!
- Hey! Both of you,
stop it, please!
- Come on! Let go!
- You wanna fight?!
- Poison might
not affect you much,
but neither does
any of the medicine we tried,
so you need to learn
to be more careful!
- You forget...
- Um...
please try to keep it down.
You're too loud.
- Now get off me, you shrimp!
- If you're
barely taller than me,
then what does that
make you?!
- Tanjiro's asleep,
so please be quiet!
- Oh.
- Ohh.
INOSUKE: Gah!
He went back into a coma!
AOI: Would you mind not saying
ominous stuff like that?
Just be quiet, please!
- I have an idea.
We should cook him up
some rice gruel.
- Hmm.
KIYO: Let's just hope
he recovers soon
so he can work up an appetite
for everything that we make.
[insects chirping]
[bell tinkling]
[film projector whirring]
[peaceful music playing]
- [squeals]
- [laughs]
- I feel like I'm flying!
- I wanna go next!
AOI: A week after he woke up,
Mr. Tanjiro
was back up on his feet.
When we told Mr. Goto,
who was on an expedition,
he was stunned by the speed
of his recovery.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- [snoring]
- They're all like this?
- Mr. Inosuke returned to duty
soon after
Mr. Tanjiro recovered.
Watch out, everybody!
- Ehh.
- 'Cause I'm comin' through!
ZENITSU: No, please!
It's too cold!
I'm scared!
I just wanna go home!
Come on, please!
- As for Mr. Zenitsu,
he's still out on that mission
far away from here.
His fellow Corps members
say he's driving them insane.
- Miss Aoi!
You--You just remembered me.
Miss me? Do you miss me?
You do miss me, don't you?!
[laughs]
- That's enough!
As for Mr. Tanjiro,
he's been doing
his rehabilitation training
every day without fail.
[chuckles]
[wind blowing]
- Ouch.
- [chuckles]
- [winces]
How cruel.
Even after all this time,
I still feel weak!
Hey, Kiyo,
while I was sleeping,
did a new sword come?
You know, to replace
the one that I chipped.
[both gasp]
- Did you say a sword?
- [ominous music playing]
- Sorry, no.
- You got letters
from Mr. Haganezuka.
Would you like to see them?
- I have no sword
for the likes of you.
[faint] ...no sword
- Oh, wow. This is bad.
- Curse you.
- It is, isn't it?
[girls chewing]
- Two months
have already gone by,
but we never received
any sword.
- [groans]
Oh, I know I messed up,
but I only chipped it
this time!
Last time,
I snapped it in half!
- Hmm.
It's not your fault
swords are bound
to eventually get damaged.
Mr. Haganezuka just happens
to be a bit unforgiving.
- Why don't you just go
to the village and talk to him?
- I'm sure he'd understand
if you spoke to him in person.
- The village?
NAHO: The village where
all the swordsmiths live.
- Huh? I can go?
[wind blows]
[sword slices]
- Pleasure to meet you.
The Master's granted
your approval for entry.
I'll be guiding you there.
- Nice to meet you!
I'm Tanjiro Kamado.
Thank you for taking me.
- As your guide,
I cannot tell you my name,
but know I look forward
to serving you.
Put these on.
- What are they?
- A blindfold and earplugs.
The village is hidden.
Also I'm afraid I'll need
to carry you on my back.
- What?
- And since you have
an acute sense of smell,
you'll need these.
- [gags]
ALL: Have a safe journey!
TANJIRO:
The Swordsmith Village
is where Nichirin Swords
are forged,
and so it's a vital place
for the Demon Slayer Corps.
In order to protect it
from demon attacks,
its whereabouts
must be kept secret,
which is why no one knows
the location of the village.
Not even the lady taking me
knows where it is.
- He's all yours!
- After traveling
a certain distance,
I'm passed on
to a different Kakushi.
And if that wasn't enough,
both the routes
and the Kakushi
are frequently changed up.
Thank you
for carrying me here!
The only reason the Kakushi
know where to go next
is because
they're guided by crows.
Even the crows get switched up
to keep things secret.
Please be careful
on your way back!
- [sighs] What a good kid.
- I'm told the mansion
where the Master lives
is somehow hidden
in an even more complex way.
Jeez, smart people
are incredible!
KAKUSHI: Here we are.
- [gasps]
[gasps]
Whoa.
[traditional music playing]
Wow, these buildings
are amazing!
- Everyone says the same thing
their first time here.
- [sniffs]
- I know that smell.
- [chuckles]
- There must be
a hot spring nearby.
- Yes. That's quite impressive.
You're more than welcome
to go there if you'd like.
But first, you're
gonna want to turn left
at the end of the street
and go to the chief's home.
It's best you greet him
before doing anything else.
- Right.
- I have to go,
but I wish you the best.
- Thank you, and travel safe!
[birds chirping]
- Huh? Did I just hear
an echo of gratitude?
[traditional music playing]
That means someone else is here!
My heart's racing to know who!
[wind blows]
[sword slices]
- I'm glad
you made it here safely.
My name is
Tecchin Tecchikawahara,
and I'm the chief
of this village.
Nice to meet ya!
I might be the smallest person
in this village,
but I'm also
the most important.
Now, if you don't mind,
I'd like to see
the quality of the bow
you use to show respect.
- [grunts]
I'm Tanjiro Kamado.
It's a privilege to meet you!
- Oh, my.
What a fine young man.
Please, help yourself
to some sweets.
- Thank you very much, sir!
These are delicious!
- Indeed.
Oh, I know
you're here for Hotaru,
but unfortunately,
he's gone missing.
It's nothing to worry about,
though.
We'll soon find him.
- Hotaru?
- That's right.
Hotaru Haganezuka.
- That's such a cute name!
- Isn't it? I'm actually
the one who named him.
He thinks it's too cute and
resents me for naming him that.
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
- [sighs]
That boy's behaved like that
ever since he was a child.
As quickly as he loses
his temper, he vanishes.
I apologize.
- Please don't!
After all, it's my fault!
I'm the one
who's breaking my sword!
- No, you're wrong.
He's the one who forged
a faulty sword,
so it's his fault
and only his fault.
[dramatic music playing]
- As soon as he's found,
we'll apprehend him.
You have my word.
- Good. Good.
- You aren't
gonna hurt him, right?
- More importantly, I hear
that you still haven't
quite recovered enough
to start hunting demons again.
And as such, if you don't have
a sword by the time you're well,
I will assign someone else
to be your swordsmith.
Speaking of healing,
our hot springs
works wonders
on aches and injuries.
You should go.
Your body will thank you for it.
- I'll show you the way.
[peaceful music playing]
- I hope everything
will be okay.
[hammers pounding]
- There are foundries and
workshops just like this one
all over the village.
- [gasps]
- The swords you all use
are made exactly like that.
- You all work so hard,
just so that we have
something to fight with.
Thank you very much!
- Oh, please. It's our job.
There's no need to thank us.
You're in for a treat
with this hot spring.
It has all kinds
of great healing properties.
For bruises, cuts, burns,
constipation, hemorrhoids,
everything from gout
to a broken heart,
the hot spring will heal.
And the path ahead
will take you to it.
- Right!
- I'll be down here
preparing your meal
if you need anything.
- Yes. Thank you so much!
- Ooh!
- Eh?
- Hmm?
- Ahh! Tanjiro, it's you!
It really is you!
TANJIRO: W-Watch out!
Please be careful!
Your breasts are this close
to spilling out!
- [wails]
- Listen!
You've got to listen to me!
- Watch out!
- [crying]
Somebody ignored me
up there just now!
All I did was say hello,
and he ignored me!
- Well, who was it?
- I don't even know!
I asked him his name,
but he ignored that too.
Isn't that awful?!
And I'm a Hashira!
All the good vibes I got from
my bath have been canceled out!
- If it helps,
dinner's gonna be ready soon.
And it's matsutake rice!
- What? Really?!
We're having matsutake rice!
- I guess she's a hearty eater.
- We're having matsutake rice!
[water flowing]
- Wow! It's massive!
Ow!
[gasps]
What is this?
Hold on! It's a tooth!
[sighs]
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
That Mohawk-style haircut.
Right. It's the guy
whose name I heard from Sumi.
Genya Shinazugawa!
- Huh?
Die!
- [shrieks]
- [grunts]
- [sword slices]
- [caws]
- Huh?
- How have you been?!
I meant to ask!
Are you and
the Wind Hashira related?!
- [growls]
- [gurgles]
- Stop trying to make
small talk with me, damn it!
[insects chirping]
- And here I thought
for a second
we could bond
in our nakedness.
[splashing]
Making new friends
sure is tough.
- [humming a tune]
- [bird warbles]
- Wow, that's impressive!
- You think so?
But I really only nibbled,
to be honest.
- I need to eat more
to get stronger!
Oh, right.
The guy you met
at the hot spring
was Genya Shinazugawa.
He's also a swordsman.
- What?
Did you say, "Shinazugawa"?
That would make him
the Wind Hashira's brother.
But he didn't have
a younger brother.
He insisted.
Maybe they're on bad terms.
How heart-wrenching.
- You really think so?
I wonder what happened.
- [grunts]
- [sighs]
- Hmm?
What are you
trying to say, Nezuko?
- [giggles]
- Oh, I see!
I have four siblings
in my family,
and we all get along
pretty well,
so it's hard for me to fathom
what the Shinazugawa brothers
could be going through.
- Speaking of,
Genya still hasn't shown up.
- Aren't you just the cutest?
- I was hoping we could
at least have a talk.
- I don't think
he's coming at all.
I heard some of the villagers
say he never takes meals.
He probably
brought food with him.
- But what if he didn't?
I'll bring him
some rice balls just in case.
- [giggles] Good idea!
I'll come too!
Can you keep a secret, Nezuko?
- Hmm?
- Believe it or not,
I'm getting hungry again.
It's probably
from smelling the rice balls.
Don't tell anyone, okay?
- [grunts]
- [humming a tune]
- Ms. Kanroji,
why'd you join
the Demon Slayer Corps?
- Hmm? Oh, me?
It's kind of embarrassing.
I shouldn't say!
Or should I?
Okay, fine!
I joined hoping to find a man,
one I could spend forever with!
I mean, any girl would prefer
someone who's stronger
than her, right?
After all, we want
to feel protected.
You know what I mean?
Or maybe it's hard
for a boy to understand.
I knew Hashira were strong,
so I thought one of them
would be perfect!
That's why I worked my hardest
to become a Hashira myself!
It looks like Genya isn't here.
KAKUSHI: Lady Kanroji?
- Hmm?
- I'm told they'll be done
honing your sword soon.
They've requested
you come to the workshop
to help make
the final adjustments.
- Oh, dear.
It looks like I have to go now.
If you'd like,
we could take you.
- That's all right.
- [coos]
- I'll probably be leaving
in the middle of the night.
- [groans]
- Really? But...
That makes sense.
[sighs]
- Thanks for offering.
While we may not live
to see each other ever again,
let's give it our all.
Never forget you took on an
Upper Rank Demon and survived.
That experience is priceless.
Training is valuable,
but nothing can ever top
what you learn
from firsthand experience.
I'd say what you
all went through
is equal
to ten years of training.
Whether you know it
or not, Tanjiro,
you're far stronger
than you ever were before.
- Hmm.
- Good luck, you two!
I'll be rooting for you
every step of the way!
[laughs]
[both coo]
- Thank you, Ms. Kanroji!
- [grunts]
- I've still got a ways to go.
After all,
Mr. Uzui did everything.
I'll work even harder
to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji.
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
- Say, Tanjiro,
you've been granted permission
for a long stay, right?
- Uh, yes, I have.
- [swoons]
- [gasps]
Well, apparently there's
a secret weapon in this village
that will make you stronger.
Try to find it, okay?
- [sighs]
- Bye now!
- [grunts]
- Ehh.
- [groans]
- [gasps]
[birds chirping]
- [steady breathing]
[sniffs]
[sighs]
Wow!
This breakfast looks amazing!
- The vegetables were all picked
on the mountainside here.
And this fish was caught fresh
from the river this morning.
- Really?
- By the way, the chief
said he'll be contacting you
as soon as they've found
Mr. Haganezuka.
Until then, please build up
your stamina, and get some rest.
- Right! Thank you so much!
Thanks for the meal.
- Hmm?
- Nezuko, you listening?
- Mm?
- I know I should focus
on resting, but...
I can't stop thinking about it,
what Ms. Kanroji told me,
how there's a secret weapon
in the village
that can make you stronger.
Want to look for it?
- Mm!
[peaceful music playing]
- Wonder what kind
of weapon it is.
- Mm.
- Well, if it is a sword,
maybe it's buried
in the ground!
It feels like we're
on a treasure hunt, doesn't it?
[winces]
While I do enjoy being here,
the hot spring really reeks.
[winces]
Or my sense of smell is off
because I
haven't recovered yet.
CHILD: Ask all you want.
I'm not giving it to you!
- Eh?
- I don't have time
to argue with you.
I came here for it,
and I'm not leaving without it.
- A kid? And is that...
- I said no, you dummy!
- That's a Hashira, isn't it?
- Now get lost!
- What did Ms. Shinobu
say his name was?
- I don't care
if you're a Hashira or not!
You're annoying!
- Oh, right.
- So just leave!
- The Mist Hashira,
Muichiro Tokito!
It is him.
Just how many Hashira
are here?
- Give me the key.
- In your dreams!
My ancestor made this,
and it's precious to me!
- [gasps] Hold on.
Is someone else behind him?
- Didn't you hear me?
I said I'm not giving it to you!
- [gasps] There is.
But who is it?
Do I know him?
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps] I do.
I've seen that man before.
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
[instrumental playing]
[singing in Japanese]
[music ends]
[page flutters]
- Thank goodness
you finally woke up, Tanjiro.
GIRLS: Thank goodness!
- Thanks, everybody!
- Concerning Mr. Inosuke,
how long do you think
he was on the ceiling?
- Hmm...
- [film rewinds]
- Hmm.
- So that means he had
to have been stuck up there
for at least an hour.
He's as reckless as ever,
isn't he?
- Mm-hmm!
- Mm-hmm.
- INOSUKE: Wrong!
- [yelping]
- [grunts]
- What do you mean I'm wrong?!
- I was hiding up there
since yesterday!
- What?!
- [chuckles]
Rustle, rustle, rustle.
Wake up!
Come on, and wake up,
Kanpachiro!
Open your eyes, already!
How long are you gonna sleep?!
- That's what
you were doing up there?
- I guess that means Tanjiro
had no choice but to wake up.
- I guess so.
- Thanks to me, he's awake!
- That's right!
Thanks, Inosuke.
- [winces]
- Next, Episode Two,
"Yoriichi Type Zero."
I'm going to give it my all.
You have my word!
- Don't even think
about making me worry!